Guidelines:
Player character is incompetent at first-> dragged into adventure, by obligation or necessity
#wakes up from cryospleep
Game of space adventure -> need smth to look for
#objective: reassemble the red knights
Rich characters -> need to be with the character -> crew ?
		-> or be recurrent (villain, merchant or adventurer on a similar quest)
#the knights must be found and convinced to reassemble

Lore:
Humanity has greatly expanded beyond the solar system, now inhabiting thousands of planets and discovering alien species.
Governments are being outpowered by multisystems companies that kept on growing.

(Hidden :
Due to the ever growing hunger for ressources, the corporations led to diplomatic difficulties with other species, eventually degenerating into the Galactic War in 19019. The red knights were super warriors assembled by the alien alliance to defend against the humans. After a few years, the war devolved into civil war for the humans and it annihilated itself with planet vitrification. Humanity got almost fully extinct.
After that, the alien alliances thrived in peace, but capitalism took on and big corporations are becoming extremely powerful.)

Year 20019:
Climate change on an icy planet provoked a terrain slide which shook an abandoned human laboratory and awoke the player, a defunct genetically enhanced human soldier supposed to fight the Galactic War.

###Take 2:
The player wakes up from a cryospleep on a seemingly abandoned icy planet with only one directive : eliminate the red knights and restore the balance



###Take 1:
The Phalanx, a group formed with the best fighters in the galaxy are put in charge of protecting it by the weak governments 
but face financial difficulties.
The Phalanx made a deal with one of the companies to give them financial support in exchange of offering a place to one of their customers chosen at random in the galaxy.
The player is chosen amongst billions of customers to be a guest of the phalanx and participate to their missions.

Eventually, the player will become the greatest asset of the Phalanx because of their ability to bring people together.


Message of the story:
-friends are the most important thing in life
-be the one to go to others
-the wolrd is a very wild place
###

0-The HQ
The player is introduced to the team who welcome him with various degree of friendliness.
They can visit the HQ as an introduction
The player can have limited interactions with his teammates because they get tired of his questions.
They can end this act by going to bed (which happen to be the same as Strike).



I- Planet Kaltan:
A broadcast show some crazy scientist that threatens to scramble climates of planets to make living on them impossible.
The phalanx reluctantly brings the player with them.

On their way to

The phalanx goes to the scientist's lab to stop him but gets assaulted by an unknown military force before reaching it.
The player is separated from the rest of the team  and makes his way to the lab on foot while fending off weak monsters.
He encounters Boss in the wreck of the ship on the way there, who is cowering in the pilot's seat, pretending to supervise the 
situation from there

He meets up with Strike, who is fighting against the enemy force. Together they enter the lab but end up in the garbage
compactor. They manage to convince it to stop compacting and get rescued by Sumas

They eventually find the scientist but he escapes, leaving them stranded on the frozen planet.
